Hollywood just won't give up on their
gender swaps Disney plus the streaming
service has launched a reboot of the
1990s Doogie Hauser MD series about a
the teenage genius who becomes a doctor
which originally starred Neil Patrick
harris but the remake stars a 16 year
old girl and her name is Doogie kamal
or something so not only is she a girl
but for extra diversity she's Asian but
there were concerns that this may
perpetuate the Asians are smart
stereotype so instead of making her
Chinese or Japanese they made her
Hawaiian a pacific islander I won't
waste 30 seconds of my life watching the
new Doogie Hauser reboot but I guarantee
you that there will be cultural Marxist
propaganda weaved into almost every plot
because when Hollywood does a gender
swap for a series or a movie that's just
the tip of the iceberg another new
gender swap is he-man which was released
on Netflix directed by Kevin smith oh
I'm sorry masters of the universe it's
not called he-man and the masters of the
 universe it's just called the masters of
the universe but it should have been
called Taylor the lesbian because in the
very first episode of the series he-man
dies and then for most of the entire
rest of the season the show focuses on
till which is voiced by Sarah Michelle
Gellar whose character looks like
well let's just say she probably has a
crush on evil in one of the first genders
swaps which consistently ruined every
film franchise it's been attempted in
was the next karate kid back in 1994
starring Hillary swank who was taught
karate by Mr Miyagi the film has a seven
seven percent approval rating on rotten
tomatoes then 16 years later they
decided to remake it again in 2010
starring will smith's son Jayden because
the franchise needed more diversity so
the karate kid was made black elise
kobrakai redeemed the franchise which is
surprisingly great in 2016 with fourth
wave feminism striking America like a
category 5 hurricane gender swap mania
went supernova with the remake of
ghostbusters but instead of starring
bill Murray in the gang it featured four
women as the ghostbusters at the very
end of the movie the girls shoot the
giant evil ghost in the crotch with
their proton packs to finally destroy
him and actress Leslie Jones who was one
of the ghostbusters quit Twitter and
said that she cried because she was
getting harassed by people who hated the
film it completely bombed at the box
office it cost the studio 125 million
dollars in losses and a few years later
when it was announced that a new
ghostbusters were in the works and that
would continue in the spirit no pun
intended of the original series the
director Jason Reitman was called a
sexist
because that meant it wouldn't include
the cast which basically ruined the
franchise and it wouldn't be another
feminist empowerment film in terminator
dark faith john Connor the future leader
of the resistance against the machines
is killed literally two minutes into the
film making all previous films
completely pointless since the primary
mission was to ensure that he lives so
he can grow up to lead the war against
the machines
then Sarah Connor along with the help of
another good time traveling terminator
who is an enhanced cyborg woman help
another girl a Mexican girl for extra
diversity evade an advanced bad
terminator who is also Latino i'm sorry
latinx which is on a mission to kill her
before she grows up to lead the
resistance in the future and fight
against the machines yes they managed to
ruin one of the greatest film franchises
in the history of cinema it bombed
reportedly losing 100 million dollars
and the Hollywood reporter said that the
studio has no future plans for any other
terminator movies get woke go broke
ocean's 11 was a popular heist film that
originally started the rat pack in 1960
and was remade in 2001 featuring an
ensemble cast led by George Clooney the
reboot which did very well was followed
up with two sequels ocean's 12 and
ocean's 13. but then in 2018
the gender swap mania infected the
franchise and ocean's 8 was released
re-envisioning the professional burglars
as a group of all women led by Sandra
bullock as i'm sure you expected the
film bombed and the actresses blamed the
bad reviews on men of course saying that
they were due to a lack of diversity
among the critics in 2019 a crime drama
called the kitchen was released as an
all-women gangster film starring melissa
McCarthy hollywood's token fat girl who
was also in the feminist ghostbuster
remake and apparently somebody thought
it would be a good idea to do a gender
swap of good fellas the kitchen isn't
even a comedy which made it even more
absurd the title refers to hell's
kitchen a neighborhood on the west side
of midtown manhattan where the women
gangsters live the plot revolves around
them collecting protection money from
local businesses and running the
neighborhood as part of the irish mafia
and i'm sure that you wouldn't be
surprised it lost the studio tens of
millions of dollars and was a complete
failure at the box office but that won't
stop hollywood from making gender swaps
disney is producing an all-female
version of pirates of the caribbean that
will star margot robbie steven spielberg
even said that his iconic character
indiana jones should take a different
form and be played by a woman named
indiana jones
and no i'm not kidding vin diesel even
said that an all-female version of the
fast and furious is in the works when
the film dunkirk was released which
depicts the historic dunkirk evacuation
during world war ii when allied soldiers
pulled out of the dunkirk harbor in
france liberals were upset that the film
didn't gender swap some characters to
make it more diverse
of course that would have been
historically accurate or made any sense
because women weren't on the battlefield
but that didn't stop the snowflakes from
complaining about the soldiers being all
men also on disney plus national
treasure is being rebooted as a series
the films originally starred nicolas
cage but the new series is being gender
swapped with extra diversity and will
star an illegal alien a young dreamer
named jess morales her and her diverse
group of friends will explore the timely
issues of identity community and
patriotism meaning they're going to
complain about white europeans founding
our country and at the end they'll
probably depict the kids as discovering
that george washington was gay
hollywood's latest plan to promote women
empowerment is hijacking popular
franchises and then completely changing
the major characters and turning good
old-fashioned action films into social
justice warrior propaganda not just
swapping male characters for females or
adding strong female leads but by also
portraying men as inept incompetent
losers who always need to be rescued
from their own stupidity everyone knows
by now that the last three star wars
sequels were awful pure feminist nausea
inducing idiocy that permanently tainted
the franchise even the star wars
spin-off rogue one starred a woman and a
carefully chosen cast of diverse
characters so it's no wonder that george
lucas who sold the rights to disney in
2012 later said that he felt betrayed
after the entertainment giant decided to
go in another direction with his
original ideas he once referred to the
films as his kids and said that he
regretfully sold them into slavery birds
of prey is a spin-off from suicide squad
a film based on dc comics characters
focusing on harley quinn played by
margot robbie who just broke up with her
boyfriend the joker and must survive as
a super villain in gotham city with no
man to protect her and critics loved the
movie because it was about women's
emancipation since her character proved
that she could be a super villain on her
own without a boyfriend the film was a
failure as usual but hollywood can't
take a hint they'll keep making feminist
propaganda pieces and have their
favorite critics try to sell them to
viewers no matter how much they suck and
how poor they perform at the box office
something that is a big hit however is
my book hollywood propaganda how tv
movies and music shape our culture which
you should read so order it in paperback
from amazon.com or download the ebook
from any of the major ebook stores and
of course there's a link to the
paperback listing in the description
below so click it and head on over there
and check it out
